What? Did you just write down your name?
Can't give a bit. I've heard it all.
Bad words are spread outside.
In fact, marriage is the best way. My sister has just crawled out of the dust of marriage.
What? You have to buy it alive for me.
What are you talking about? Why should I buy you alive?
That's the first time. I never care about feelings.
It is better to love and control than to control others. I swear.
I won't let you suffer. I listen to whatever you say.
I'll give you whatever you want. Make money to support your family.
Housework is all included.
Good. Sometimes it’s more, sometimes it’s not less, sometimes it’s tax.
Okay, then change that to make it stand smoothly
Really of course